---
title: yeesh
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2002-07-20T02:59:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/yeesh
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28241773
categories:
  - Personal

---
Thank for this one&#8230;

TIME YOU START: 2:23 AM
  
1. FULL NAME: Matthew Todd Stratton (go ahead, stalk me. Gimme a reason to use this. I have no idea what &#8220;this&#8221; is, btw.)
  
2. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? My Hebrew name, Moishe, is named after my mother&#8217;s Uncle Max
  
3. SCHOOL: I&#8217;ll start bartending school in a couple days. But I went to college at Millikin University.
  
4. MASCOT: Big Blue (no, IBM was not our mascot)
  
5. NICKNAMES: Mugsy, Matty
  
6. BIRTHDAY: Dec 7, 1974
  
7.WHERE WERE YOU BORN?: St. Louis, MO
  
8. AGE: 27 (what, you can&#8217;t do the math?)
  
9. GRADE: I&#8217;m starting to think this is geared towards college students
  
10. GPA: Who remembers?
  
11. HEIGHT: 5&#8217;10&#8221;
  
12. SHOE SIZE: 10-ish
  
13. HAIR COLOR: Brown (but I want to dye it. What color?)
  
14. EYE COLOR: Brownish
  
15. SIBLINGS: Larissa (23), Noah (21), Becky (20), Debbie (16), Kaitlyn (16)
  
16. LAST CD YOU BOUGHT: Just bought a bunch of Tom Waits
  
17. LAST MOVIE YOU SAW IN THE THEATER: Amelie
  
18. LAST MOVIE YOU RENTED: Timecode
  
19. LEAST FAVORITE SUBJECT: Are we talking about school again?
  
20. DO YOU ACTUALLY LIKE MATH: Not a damn bit
  
21. LAST MOVIE YOU BOUGHT: The Man Who Wasn&#8217;t There
  
22. DO YOU HAVE A BOYFRIEND/GIRLFRIEND?: Not at present. I&#8217;m relishing my singlehood.
  
23. DO YOU HAVE A CRUSH?: Actually, I sorta do.
  
25. IS HE OR SHE GOOD LOOKING? I think she&#8217;s pretty foxy.
  
26. FAVORITE ACTRESS: Parker Mother-Fuckin&#8217; Posey
  
27. FAVORITE ACTOR: William H. Macy
  
29. FAVORITE TV SHOW: The Simpsons
  
30. FAVORITE SONG: Eggs and Sausage by Tom Waits
  
31. FAVORITE FOOD: A nicely aged NY strip, medium rare
  
32. FAVORITE COLOR: Black
  
34. COOLEST FRIEND: The Dude
  
35. NICEST FRIEND: Kim
  
36. HOTTEST FRIEND: Sarah
  
37. PRETTIEST FRIEND: Amy
  
38. FAV. FRIEND TO HANG WITH: Lately, it&#8217;s been Backstreet. We have a damn good time.
  
39. FAVORITE ONLINE FRIEND: The &#8220;other&#8221; Mugsy. Mostly for the name. And for our discussions about dating &#8220;don&#8217;ts&#8221;.
  
40. CUTEST FRIEND: Shana is very cute. We established that earlier.
  
41. HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE FOR U TO TAKE A SHOWER? 15 minutes, unless I get distracted (not like THAT, buddy).
  
42. WHAT&#8217;S YOUR FAV. PLACE TO GO ON VACATION?:Las VEGAS!
  
43. FAV. CITY TO CHILL IN: NYC
  
45. GUYS WITH OR WITHOUT HATS?: Depends on the hat
  
46. FAV. Soda: Cherry Coke
  
47. WORST FEAR: Ladders
  
48. HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE YOU TO GET READY TO GO TO WORK IN THE MORNING?: I&#8217;ll let you know when I get a job again.
  
49. BEST FEELING IN THE WORLD?: Making someone sincerely laugh.
  
50. WORST FEELING IN THE WORLD?: Rejection (in all forms)

WHAT DO YOU THINK OF:
  
51. BILL CLINTON: Charismatic
  
52. OSAMA : I just can&#8217;t fathom.
  
53. LINDA TRIPP: I should know who this is, but dammit, it&#8217;s 2:30 AM
  
55. PREMARITAL SEX: Contemporary lifestyle
  
56. DRIVING DRUNK: NO way, no day. I was hit by a drunk driver several years ago.
  
57. DOING DRUGS: There&#8217;s a time and a place for these things, and it&#8217;s called college. As we&#8217;ve established, I&#8217;m not in college anymore. So my only drugs are alcohol, nicotine, caffeine, and Claritin.
  
58. MARILYN MANSON: I&#8217;m all for edgy, but I just don&#8217;t get this guy. It&#8217;s just loud.
  
59. GUY BANDS: You mean like Poison?
  
60. DEATH: The great unknown.
  
61. LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT: I guess it could happen. I&#8217;m had plenty of lust at first sight, that&#8217;s for sure.
  
62. A CERTAIN PERSON OUT THERE FOR YOU: I think there are many out there. Hopefully at least a couple live in Chicago and like movies.
  
63. JERRY SPRINGER: Sign of the times.
  
64. RAPE: Would anyone actually answer this as &#8220;Wow, that&#8217;s some good shit?&#8221;
  
65. SUICIDE: Selfish, but I can understand.
  
66. ASSISTED SUICIDE: If someone is suffering, who am I to tell them they must live? See answer to question #65.
  
67. SOUTH PARK: Used to be really good&#8230;hits everyone now and again still.
  
68. CHARITY: Tzedakah.
  
69. GIRLS WITH LOTS Of MAKEUP?: Only if they&#8217;re strippers.
  
70. GOD: Hashem.

WHEN YOU SEE THIS NAME YOU THINK OF&#8230;
  
71. Ryan: The Dude
  
72. Bob: Mr. Show with Bob and David!
  
73. Zach: Saved by the Bell
  
74. Collin: Tom (as in Tom Collins)
  
75. Drew: The Drew
  
76. Kelly: This girl who I grew up next door to&#8230;she grew up to be a punk girl and spelled her name &#8220;Keli&#8221;.
  
77. Stephanie: Some chick I went out with a few times who lives next door to my friend Joann.
  
78. Brian: Boyband!
  
79. Jessica: Hahn
  
80. Jason: My friend Jay who I&#8217;ve known for over 15 years.
  
81. Megan: This name means nothing to myself.
  
82. Carol: My ex&#8217;s sister.
  
83. Heather: Damn, I know a lot of Heathers. I dated one for a year or two. Plus, it&#8217;s a kickass movie.
  
84. Aaron: This guy Aaron Duncan from high school. Great actor/singer, and totally awesome athlete.
  
85. Amy: My totally hot friend in Atlanta.
  
86. Lisa: Lisa Simpson!
  
88. Will: Smith
  
89. Lauren: Bacall
  
90. kala: Huh?
  
91. Cody: Kathie Lee&#8217;s son
  
92. Alyssa: Chasing Amy
  
93. Victoria: Victor/Victoria
  
94. April: My little sister&#8217;s best friend growing up.
  
95. Courtney: Cox
  
96. Melissa: Email virus.
  
97. Laura: A girl I went to school with all the way to high school&#8230;used to have a mad crush on her. She teaches English in Japan now.
  
98. Amanda: Deckard
  
99. Alex: P. Keaton
  
100. Matt: Hmm&#8230;I dunno&#8230;
  
101. Rocky: Flying squirrel
  
102. Preston: Huh?
  
103. Jacob: J-Rock!

WHICH IS BETTER?
  
104. COKE OR PEPSI: Coke
  
105. LAKE OR OCEAN: I have no opinion
  
106. TV OR RADIO: Tv I guess
  
107. GOING TO THE MOVIES OR RENTING A MOVIE: Totally depends on the flick.
  
108. BSB OR N&#8217;SYNC: NKOTB
  
109. 1 PILLOW OR 2: TWo
  
110. HOT OR COLD: I&#8217;m always too hot.
  
111. NICE OR MEAN: I&#8217;m damn nice. But also damn catty.
  
112. JOCK OR BRAIN: Brain jockey
  
113.DROP DEAD GORGEUS OR JUST GOOD LOOKING: I&#8217;m middle of the road.
  
114. HUG OR KISS: I like kisses. Because I don&#8217;t like almonds in my chocolate.
  
115. SEX OR CHOCOLATE: Sex.
  
117. HOCKEY OR FOOTBALL: Neither.
  
118. ABERCROMBIE OR AMERICAN EAGLE: Huh?
  
119. ADIDAS OR NIKE: Kenneth Cole
  
120. FREDDIE OR RYAN: Your mother.
  
121. JEN OR JOEY: Jen (I don&#8217;t know why)
  
122. RED OR BLUE: Blue. Because I love Sarah.
  
123. EMINEM OR WILL SMITH: Vanilla Ice
  
124. CARNIVAL OR AMUSEMENT PARK: I like carnies.
  
125. MACS OR IBM&#8217;S: Mac&#8217;s. Or PC&#8217;s. Depends on what I&#8217;m doin&#8217;.
  
126. BRITNEY OR CRISTINA: I&#8217;ll take either one, if you&#8217;re servin&#8217; &#8217;em up greased and nekkid.
  
127. WINTER FRESH OR DOUBLE MINT: Peppermint.

HAVE YOU EVER&#8230;.

136. BEEN ON A PLANE: Yes
  
137. WHERE DID YOU GO? Is this part of Homeland Security?

142. GONE SKINNY DIPPING: Yes. Naked Marco Polo!
  
143. CHEATED ON A TEST: Yes. I&#8217;m cheating on this one.
  
144. LET A FRIEND CRY ON YOUR SHOULDER: Yes. It&#8217;s what I do.
  
145. FELL ASLEEP IN THE SHOWER/BATH?: Nope. Too paranoid about drowning.
  
146. FELL ASLEEP WHILE EATING: Never been that tired.
  
147. GONE TO CHURCH: Yes, but mostly for weddings. Unless you count shul as a church. Then yeah, all the time.
  
148. READ THE BIBLE: Well, almost every Shabbat I read some, if by &#8220;read&#8221; you mean &#8220;listen to it in Hebrew.&#8221; And back when I was younger and impressionable by my stepmom, I read the New Testament.
  
149. CLIMBED A TREE: My grandma&#8217;s apple tree.
  
150. WATCHED DAWSON&#8217;S CREEK: Nope.
  
151. GONE WATER SKIING: Sorta.
  
152. GONE SNOWBOARDING: Not yet.
  
153. GONE SKATEBOARDING: Back in junior high.
  
154. FELL ASLEEP DURING A SCARY MOVIE: Hmm&#8230;don&#8217;t remember. Probably.
  
155. GONE ALL NIGHT WITHOUT SLEEP?: Many times.
  
156. BEEN TO CAMP: Hell, I \*worked\* at one.
  
157. HAVE A CAMP: Huh?
  
158. PLAYED SOCCER: When I was little.
  
159. BEEN TO A MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL GAME: Dude, I require my apartment to be walking distance to Wrigley. What do YOU think?
  
160. SAW A PRO BASKETBALL GAME: Nope.
  
161. BEEN TO A NFL GAME: Nope.
  
162. BEEN TO A NHL GAME: Saw the Blackhawks play once.
  
163. SAT IN A RESTAURANT WITHOUT ORDERING ANYTHING: Not by myself.
  
164. EATEN SUSHI: This week?
  
165. EATEN FISH: I love salmon!
  
166. WATCHED DIRTY DANCING: NOBODY puts Baby in a corner!
  
167. AND DANCED ALONG: I&#8217;ll never tell&#8230;
  
168. WANTED TO DIE: Once or twice. For various reasons. Usually involving tequila.
  
169. MET A CELEBRITY: Someone I went to college with is a quasi-famous actor now&#8230;
  
170. MET THE PRESIDENT: Saw him speak (Clinton) at a local high school years ago.
  
171. DRIVEN A CAR: I&#8217;m a child of the suburbs. Of course.
  
172. NOT WASHED YOUR HAIR FOR A WEEK: I can&#8217;t go a DAY without it looking like ass.
  
173. GOT STICHES: Nope. I cut my finger really bad camping once, but by the time I got to the ER, it was too late for stitches.
  
174. BROKEN SOMETHING: My wrist when I was in 8th grade.
  
175. BOUGHT ICE CREAM FROM AN ICE CREAM TRUCK: Indeed.
  
176. DRIVEN AN ICE CREAM TRUCK: I haven&#8217;t hit that career low yet, thankyouverymuch.
  
177. THOUGHT ABOUT SUICIDE: Who hasn&#8217;t?
  
178. TRIED TO COMMIT SUICIDE: Didn&#8217;t try very HARD&#8230;
  
179. USED YOUR PARENTS CREDIT CARD: Are you kidding? You must now know my parents&#8230;
  
180. HAVE YOU EVER BEEN SCARED OF GETTING SHOT: Yup. There was a big gang war in the town where I went to college.
  
181. GOTTEN A CAVITY: Indeed.
  
182. GOT SHOT: Not yet.
  
183. SAW SOMEONE DIE: No, thankfully.
  
184. CRIED SO LONG AND HARD YOU COULDN&#8217;T STOP SHAKING: Nope.
  
185. GOT IN A FIST FIGHT: Yes, but it was a nerd fight.
  
186. PUNCHED SOMEONE FOR NO REASON: Well, I had a reason, but it wasn&#8217;t a very good one&#8230;
  
187. THOUGHT YOU WERE IN LOVE: Yes.
  
189. WATCHED MTV AT 4 IN THE MORNING: Yes.
  
190. USED A PORTA-POTTY: Who writes these things?
  
191. STAYED ONLINE TILL 4 IN THE MORNING: Almost there now&#8230;
  
192. USED SOMEONE FOR SEX: Indeed. Wow, that sounds bad. It&#8217;s okay if it&#8217;s mutual using, right?
  
191. MADE PRANK PHONE CALLS: OFten. Well, not anymore&#8230;
  
192. CALLED SOMEONE YOU LIKED, BUT HUNG UP: In junior high.
  
193. HATED SOMEONE FOR NO REASON: I always have a good reason for my hate. Actually, it&#8217;s more like irritation.
  
194. CAUGHT A FISH: Indeed.
  
195. SNUCK OUT OF YOUR HOUSE: Again, I refer you to my psycho parents.
  
196. STREAKED: Nope.
  
197. BEEN HURT BY A GUY/GIRL YOU LIKED: Constantly.
  
198. GONE TO ANOTHER COUNTRY: England and Denmark
  
199. WET THE BED: Not since mastering bladder control last week.
  
200. MOVED: Oh geez.
  
201. HAD YOUR HOUSE TP: No
  
202. BROKEN THE LAW: Yes
  
204. KILLED SOMEONE: No
  
205. KILLED SOMEONE IN YOUR THOUGHTS: no
  
206. SMOKED IN SCHOOL: Not in high school
  
207. SKIPPED SCHOOL: Yes
  
208. BEEN SCARED ENOUGH TO PISS IN YOUR PANTS: No
  
209. BEEN STABBED IN THE BACK BY A &#8220;FRIEND&#8221;: Several times.
  
210. STABBED SOMEONE IN THE BACK: Not intentionally
  
211. WHO IS YOUR FAV. PERSON TO SHOP WITH: Tracy and Backstreet
  
212. WHO IS YOUR FAV. PERSON TO TALK TO ABOUT THE OPPOSITE SEX?: Amy
  
213. WHO IS YOUR FAV. PERSON TO TALK TO ABOUT LIFE: Tracy
  
214. WHO DO YOU HATE? Anti-Semites. Actually, I don&#8217;t hate. But they make me very angry.
  
215. WHO MAKES YOU ANGRY?: People who really, truly hate. Hate enough to hurt.
  
216. IF YOU COULD KISS ANYONE YOU&#8217;VE WANTED TO KISS FOREVER WHO WOULD IT BE?: I think kissing ANYONE forever would get boring pretty fast.
  
217. GIRLS- STUFFED? I&#8217;m not a girl. I prefer them real though.
  
219. WHO WOULD YOU WANT TO MEET: Chris Moore.
  
220. WHO DO YOU MISS? Chris Heffernan.
  
221. WHO HAVE YOU LIKED FOREVER? Huh?
  
223. WHO HOLDS YOUR HEART: My son.
  
224. WHO IS THE NICEST PERSON YOU KNOW? Didn&#8217;t we cover this already?
  
225. who IS THE MEANEST PERSON YOU KNOW? Sherman :)
  
226. who IS THE MOST ATTRACTIVE GUY or GIRL YOU KNOW?: Helena :)
  
228. WHO DO YOU WANT TO MARRY? I have no idea.
  
229. HOW OLD DO U WANT TO BE? I&#8217;m pretty happy now. But I&#8217;ll probably be just as happy in a few years too. At least with my age.
  
230. TIME YOU FINISH: 2:59 AM