---
title: 140
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2002-07-19T02:33:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/140
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28241634
categories:
  - Personal

---
I had a long discussion with a friend earlier this evening regarding dating.

And I realized&#8230;for the first time in a while, I&#8217;m pretty comfortable with the fact that I&#8217;m not.

Maybe it&#8217;s because my life is in such flux right now. I don&#8217;t know. But I&#8217;m actually pretty happy to be single. I really don&#8217;t think I could be a very good boyfriend at this point.

(Funny thing&#8230;I originally typed &#8220;goyfriend&#8221; up there&#8230;I can tell you, definitely, I would be a bad goyfriend. The whole Jewish thing kind of knocks me out of that position.)

I mean, I&#8217;ve known, rationally, for a while that being single is better for me now. However, rational knowledge and emotional comfort are two different things.

It was interesting &#8211; in this conversation, I jokingly mentioned that I should date a vegetarian (because it would make me eat more healthy; I know this is fallacious, but it was for the purposes of humor), and my friend asked me why I didn&#8217;t date a girl who we will call &#8220;Jane&#8221; (just to piss off Nando).

&#8220;What about Jane?&#8221; my friend asked. &#8220;She&#8217;s a veggie. And cute. And nice. And Jewish.&#8221;

I explained to my friend that while I thought &#8220;Jane&#8221; was indeed all of those things (although the first and last thing aren&#8217;t really open for debate), I certainly wasn&#8217;t going to pursue anything with her. Number one on the list is the fact that &#8220;Jane&#8221; is not local.

Another reason is that I happen to know that &#8220;Jane&#8221; tends to go for pretty good looking guys, and my track record in that arena has been less than stellar of late.

But that&#8217;s not my point. My point is&#8230;it doesn&#8217;t matter. I&#8217;m not getting involved right now. Whereas in the past, I still wouldn&#8217;t have done anything about &#8220;Jane&#8221;, but it would have bugged me.

I really don&#8217;t know why I&#8217;m rambling about this.

m.