---
title: 'Re:'
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2002-04-04T18:44:00+00:00
url: /dating/re
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - no
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28239818
categories:
  - Dating

---
Ahh&#8230;.a re-run of the &#8220;why do I do things that make me feel bad about myself?&#8221; topic.

I&#8217;m still on that stupid Internet dating site. I have no idea why. The only person I ever met from there turned out to be chock full o&#8217; issues (of course, I&#8217;ve met many girls through other means who are chock full o&#8217; issues too, but I digress).

Anyway, on this site, when you send someone a message, it tells you if they&#8217;ve read it, deleted it, etc.

It doesn&#8217;t make you feel too good to read the words: &#8220;She deleted without answering your letter.&#8221; Kind of a virtual kick to the stomach.

What&#8217;s primarily annoying is that in this instance, I was just being friendly. I&#8217;m not some stalker-riffice creep who emails every cute girl on the site in hopes of getting laid. I sent this girl a message because she&#8217;s going to grad school for theatrical direction, and she sounded vaguely interesting. I said as much in my message (not the &#8220;vaguely interesting&#8221; part, but that it would be nice to have someone else to chat with about directing). So not only am I unattractive or uninteresting, but apparently beneath her notice artistically. And she doesn&#8217;t even know me.

Rationally, I know this shouldn&#8217;t bother me. Regardless, those words &#8220;deleted without answering&#8221; never fail to make me feel pretty shitty.

I guess I&#8217;m glad I don&#8217;t send many messages on that site.

m.