---
title: Thank you
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2003-12-07T11:48:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/thank-you
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28247874
categories:
  - Personal

---
**What I Did On My Weekend Vacation**
  
by Matt Stratton
  
Age 29

So my weekend started out on a great start; I was at work at 5:30 AM on Friday morning. And like Monday, discovered upon arrival that the servers I was going in to patch? They had been patched already. That&#8217;s right. I was there at the asscrack of dawn FOR NO FUCKING REASON.

Left work at 3 and met Backstreet for our movie, which was _Honey_. We decided the Friday is our &#8220;Guilty Pleasure&#8221; day; we&#8217;ll see good, quality movies Mon-Thur, but Friday will be just for funsies. Anyway, the movie was fun. Crap, but fun. It was _Glow_ (I think that was the name of that Mariah Carey movie) meets _Breaking 2: Electric Boogaloo_.

Get out of the movie, and get called from work. So back to AOC I go. Got home again around 9:30, and stopped by Tracy&#8217;s house to pick up the DVD&#8217;s I had to return to the rental place (I just realized I never actually got them; crap). She gave me some leftovers from dinner and I played Uno with her and BC until 1 AM.

Saturday Tracy helped me make decorations for my party all day. Backstreet picked me up around 6, and we went to the studio to set up. The party was kind of a bust; only about 50% of the people I was expecting made it. So it was kind of dead. But I think people had a good time.

And now I just got back from the studio; went there to pick up some stuff I left last night. So my weekend is almost over. Carrie is going to make me a birthday dinner tonight. I felt bad; she kept asking me &#8220;what do you want to do on your birthday? What do you want me to make you?&#8221; and I told her I was just so tired of planning and making decisions all weekend, and she should just surprise me.

It&#8217;s funny. I didn&#8217;t even really want to have a party. Originally, all that I wanted to do for my birthday was get the boys together and have a poker game. But Carrie kept riding me that I should have a party, and birthdays are a big deal, etc (I rarely treat mine as a big deal; four years ago I actually forgot it WAS my birthday on the day). So I was kind of in a iffy mood at my party. And I was bummed because Erika got stuck in NYC so she couldn&#8217;t be there, and I guess fell asleep and didn&#8217;t make it (she certainly could use the rest!). Anyway. That&#8217;s my story.