---
title: New Phone
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2006-04-22T06:30:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/new-phone-3
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28259055
categories:
  - Personal

---
So, as we move further and further into the adventure of consolidating our lives, Carrie and I got new cell phones yesterday.

Previously, I had been with Sprint, and she had Verizon. The Bank gets mad discounts with almost all wireless providers, so we ended up going with T-Mobile (because Sprint didn&#8217;t have any phones that we especially liked, and Verizon have been nothing but assmunches to us in the past.)

As it happens, so far I&#8217;m really glad we chose T-Mobile. Not only did they give use two free RAZR handsets, but the handsets are relatively unlocked (unlike Sprint and Verizon, who cripple some of their phones in order to make you use their pay services).

(Now, before this gets off onto a &#8220;well, T-Mobile sucks because blah blah&#8221; or &#8220;Verizon rules&#8221; comment-fest, let me just remind you all that ALL wireless companies suck for one person or another. )

The downside is that now Carrie and I have cell phones that look exactly alike (it would have cost an extra $150 to get her the pink phone, but, in retrospect, it might have been the right choice). I think we&#8217;ll live, though.

I am LOVING the Bluetooth on these things though. I got both phones set up on our different accounts on my Mac &#8211; so the phone book on my phone is loaded from my Address Book on OS X (actually, loaded as a subset of the address book, as I don&#8217;t need EVERYONE on my cell phone). And it was so much easier to put pictures on the phone via the Bluetooth File Exchange rather than email them to my phone, etc, etc. I&#8217;m working now on the MP3 ringtones; just need to figure out what the sweet spot is for file size and length (right now my ringtone is the theme song from _Firefly_, but it&#8217;s taking up way too much room on the phone).

Oh, and I got a new number as a result of this, so if you didn&#8217;t get the email yesterday with the new one, well, stop blocking my email.