---
title: RIP, D
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2006-11-17T17:00:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/rip-d
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28260841
categories:
  - Personal

---
So I found on via a MySpace message the other day that Carol &#8220;D&#8221; Drennan, who was my high school drama teacher, passed away on Nov 12.

It&#8217;s caused me to be a little thinking. I don&#8217;t think there are really any people who read my blog who went to high school with me, and even those of you who might (Jay, etc), I don&#8217;t think any of you knew D. In fact, I don&#8217;t really see or talk to anyone I was in theatre with in high school anymore. That&#8217;s not a good or bad thing, just something that went through my mind right now.

Reading things that other people have posted about this has gotten me thinking. I am fond of the phrase &#8220;one must make certain sacrifices for one&#8217;s art&#8221;, but until reading Julie Sparks&#8217; post about it, I had forgotten I learned that from D. I learned the difference between &#8220;efficient&#8221; and &#8220;effective&#8221; from D. I learned that &#8220;goddamn&#8221; is a lot more offensive than &#8220;damn&#8221; from D.

I&#8217;ve had a lot of adventures so far in my life that would not have happened without my experiences in high school theatre. Even though I haven&#8217;t been consciously aware of it, there&#8217;s been a piece of what I learned on the stage from D in a lot of them. Those lessons have been with me when I was making short indie films. Those lessons have been with me when studying improv. And those lessons have been with me in one way or another in every interpersonal interaction I have had since then.

Sometimes it&#8217;s easy to figure out the influence that a teacher has had on you. I can tell you exactly what I learned from Cavanaugh. I know precisely what I learned from Starsiak. And I constantly am reminded of what I learned from Amelio. But some teachers have a more subtle impact on who you are &#8211; and the sad thing is, you tend to forget them, while they might just have had the most important lessons for you.