---
title: 33 questions
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2007-06-14T10:39:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/33-questions
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28262454
categories:
  - Personal

---
via

YOU&#8217;RE ON MY FRIENDS LIST, I WANNA KNOW YOU&#8230;
  
I want to know 33 things about you. I don&#8217;t care if we never talk, or if we already know everything about each other. Short and sweet is fine&#8230;You&#8217;re on my list, so I wanna know you better!

1.)Q. Can you cook?
  
1.)A.

2.)Q. What was your dream growing up?
  
2.)A.

3.)Q. What talent do you wish you had?
  
3.)A.

4.)Q. If I bought you a drink what would it be?
  
4.)A.

5.)Q. Favorite vegetable?
  
5.)A.

6.)Q. What was the last book you read?
  
6.)A.

7.)Q. What zodiac sign are you ?
  
7.)A.

8.)Q. Any Tattoos and/or Piercings?
  
8.)A.

9.)Q. Worst Habit?
  
9.)A.

10.)Q. If you saw me walking down the street would you offer me a ride?
  
10.)A.

11.)Q. What is your favorite sport?
  
11.)A.

12.)Q. Negative or Optimistic attitude?
  
12.)A.

13.)Q. What would you do if you were stuck in an elevator with me?
  
13.)A.

14.)Q. Worst thing to ever happen to you?
  
14.)A.

15.)Q. Tell me one weird fact about you:
  
15.)A.

16.)Q. Do you have any pets?
  
16.)A.

17.)Q. What if i showed up at your house unexpectedly?
  
17.)A.

18.)Q. What was your first impression of me?
  
18.)A.

19.)Q. Do you think clowns are funny or scary?
  
19.)A.

20.)Q. If you could change one thing about how you look, what would it be???
  
20.)A.

21.)Q. Would you be my crime partner or my conscience?
  
21.)A.

22.)Q. What color eyes do you have?
  
22.)A.

23.)Q. Ever been arrested?
  
23.)A.

24.)Q. Bottle or Draft?
  
24.)A.

25.)Q. If you won $10,000 dollars today, what would you do with it?
  
25.)A.

26.)Q. Would you date me?
  
26.)A.

27.)Q. What &#8216;s your favorite bar to hang at?
  
27.)A.

28.)Q. Do you believe in ghosts?
  
28.)A.

29.)Q. Favorite thing to do in your spare time?
  
29.)A.

30.)Q. Do you swear a lot?
  
30.)A.

31.)Q. Biggest pet peeve?
  
31.)A.

32.)Q. In one word, how would you describe yourself?
  
32.)A.

33.)Q. Will you repost this so I can fill it out and do the same?
  
33.)A.