---
title: Sad news…
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2007-02-22T12:37:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/sad-news
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28261513
categories:
  - Personal

---
[Joss Whedon no longer attached to Wonder Woman][1]

> You (hopefully) heard it here first: I&#8217;m no longer slated to make Wonder Woman. What? But how? My chest&#8230; so tight! Okay, stay calm and I&#8217;ll explain as best I can. It&#8217;s pretty complicated, so bear with me. I had a take on the film that, well, nobody liked. Hey, not that complicated.
> 
> Let me stress first that everybody at the studio and Silver Pictures were cool and professional. We just saw different movies, and at the price range this kind of movie hangs in, that&#8217;s never gonna work. Non-sympatico. It happens all the time. I don&#8217;t think any of us expected it to this time, but it did. Everybody knows how long I was taking, what a struggle that script was, and though I felt good about what I was coming up with, it was never gonna be a simple slam-dunk. I like to think it rolled around the rim a little bit, but others may have differing views.
> 
> &#8230;.
> 
> But most importantly, I never have to answer THAT question again!!!! And you don&#8217;t have to link to every rumor site! Finally and forever: I never had an actress picked out, or even a consistant front-runner. I didn&#8217;t have time to waste on casting when I was so busy air-balling on the script. (No! Rim! There was rim!) That&#8217;s the greatest relief of all. I can do interviews again!
> 
> Thanks for your time. You are the people who make the world go &#8217;round. Or, no, science does that.
> 
> -j.
> 
> ps All right, it was Cobie Smulders. Sorry, Cobes. 

What a bummer. Of course, it&#8217;s just as well, because there&#8217;s no way that Robin Sparkles could be Wonder Woman.

 [1]: https://whedonesque.com/comments/12385