---
title: 2268
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2007-05-26T07:50:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/2268
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28262328
categories:
  - Personal

---
Here is it&#8230;Saturday morning. Dallas and Devon are asleep on the sofa bed, and Chris is snoozing in the guest room. And I&#8217;m wide awake, and have been since about 6 AM.

Last night was the rehearsal dinner. We went to Wishbone, and had a fantastic meal. The food there is so very good&#8230;and we had great company. Of course the entire wedding party was there, as well as our parents, and some other relatives, including my Uncle Jerry and Aunt Rebecca from Oregon, with my cousins Anya and Chaya. I have not seen them in a very long time, so I was really happy they were able to come this weekend, and extra happy they made it last night for some extra fun time.

My cousin Chaya is a very talented photographer (she recently won some type of awesomeness contest), so apparently Anya convinced to surrender her camera to Chaya for a while. I am really looking forward to seeing all the pictures that people were taking last night.

After the dinner was over, a few of us walked down the street to Fizz, where we met up with , , and . Had a couple of beers and then headed home, as we all have a big day today.

I am in the process of attempting to upload the slide show that Carrie&#8217;s sister made for us up to YouTube. So keep your eyes open!

Shortly we&#8217;ll be dropping Scout off at Stay, and then Chris, Dallas, and I will meet the rest of the guys at the Belmont Barbershop for shaves.