---
title: whoohoo
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2002-10-18T02:11:00+00:00
url: /dating/whoohoo-2
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28243749
categories:
  - Dating

---
So tonight I had a date with a girl.

I didn&#8217;t have high expectations. She was someone I had met from online.

We went to dinner, and had a great conversation. We sync up on a lot of things. Important things. Not &#8220;we both love _The Simpsons_ things. But things about how we think, and what is important to us.

We were supposed to go see _Igby Goes Down_ after dinner. But we ended up missing it, because we spent so much time talking at the restaurant.

She had expressed an interest in swing dancing (they always do), so I decided to suggest we go to Lola&#8217;s. I knew that the Hippie Girl would be there, but I figured she (the Hippie Girl) had generally been kind of generic flirty, and that M\___\___ (the girl from tonight) and I hadn&#8217;t really been doing any&#8230;physical flirting, so it would be safe.

Wow, was tonight at Lola&#8217;s rough.

M\___\___ and I just kept getting along better and better. She met a bunch of my friends, and hit it off really well with them. Evin and Noah took an instant shine to her. So did Partytom. Of course, Hippie Girl was there. Both she and A.V. kept giving M\___\___ dirty looks (M\_____ actually noticed this, and asked me about it. So I told her that Hippie Girl and I had had kind of a thing, and she was still into me. This is mostly true. M\_____ then spent the rest of the night whispering in my ear making fun of Hippie Girl.)

I think M\___\___ is going to go out with me tomorrow night. I have a party to go to, and invited her. She has one tomorrow night too. So I think we might go to each other&#8217;s parties (hers starts a few hours before mine).

I think I&#8217;m gonna get some nasty blowback from Hippie Girl. When I was leaving, she whispered in my ear &#8220;So who&#8217;s your lady friend?&#8221;

m.