---
title: New phone!
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2002-11-27T12:32:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/new-phone
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28244162
categories:
  - Personal

---
It&#8217;s been a while since I&#8217;ve posted anything, so I&#8217;m gonna do it now. But I&#8217;m gonna break it up into posts central to a topic, for easy of classification.

So I upgraded my cell phone yesterday.

I used to be on the AT&T One Rate plan with a [Motorola v60][1]. But it had been getting crappy reception in the new place, plus I&#8217;d had the phone for a year. Which is a long time for me to have a mobile phone. Plus it was getting beat up.

So I switched over to the [Sony Ericsson T68i][2] with AT&T&#8217;s GSM service. The new plan basically cuts my bill in half &#8211; my coverage isn&#8217;t as good (my phone won&#8217;t work at all in any areas not covered by AT&T&#8217;s GSM, but pretty much everywhere I go is covered; NYC, Vegas, Atlanta), but I get WAP access now.

I can assign specific ringtones to callers (something I missed with the Moto phone), as well as a picture to come up when they call. But the coolest thing is the &#8220;Find Friends&#8221; feature &#8211; basically, I can punch in the phone number of someone else on the AT&T GSM network, and (provided they have &#8220;authorized&#8221; me to do this), my phone will tell me WHERE THEY ARE.

And THEN&#8230;I can set up a &#8220;meeting&#8221; with that person at a location either near them, near me, or in between. I can browse from a list of bars, restaurants, coffee shops, etc.

Sherman and I used it yesterday to arrange a lunch meeting with each other at Popeye&#8217;s.

m.

 [1]: http://www.attws.com/personal/ps/view_equipment_details.jhtml?deviceKey=4916063
 [2]: http://www.attws.com/include/phones/ericsson_t68i.jhtml