---
title: Quickies
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2002-11-05T12:02:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/quickies
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28213831
categories:
  - Personal

---
OK, so a quick update (so you don&#8217;t all think I fell off the face of the earth).

* No internet at the new place for a few weeks while we wait for Covad to ship us the DSL modem. I&#8217;m intrigued to see how easy this &#8220;self-install&#8221; DSL is (my last experience with DSL was with Ameritech almost three years ago; after about three months of &#8220;installation&#8221;, it still never worked well, so I called AT&T and got a cable modem installed the next day that worked flawlessly. From a technical/networking perspective, I _want_ to like DSL, but hopefully it&#8217;s easier to get up and running now. Shit, when I got ISDN installed in the mid-90&#8217;s it wasn&#8217;t as freakin&#8217; complicated as that DSL bullshit was.)

* Working on this consulting gig at JLA. Looks to be pretty easy work. Waiting for a demo of WinInstall to download so I can start trying it out as an imaging tool here.

* Saw M\____ on Sunday night (she had been in DC to see some friends). It&#8217;s odd. I like her. I really do. But it&#8217;s so freakin&#8217; hard for me to be available right now &#8211; my car is less than reliable, and I&#8217;m so poor! (I&#8217;m not used to that) I drove out to her place on Sunday night, which made me nervous, because I had very little gas in my car, and my spare is still flat, so highway driving isn&#8217;t high on my list of Things That Are Fun. But I did it anyway. Plus, she lives with her parents, which, I will freely admit, freaks me out a little. We were in the basement watching TV and fooling around a little, and it reminded me of messing around with girlfriends in high school. I&#8217;m 27 years old. I haven&#8217;t lived at home in almost ten years. So it makes it difficult for me to deal.

* Hippie Chick came over for dinner on Friday night. I made tuna. There was some fooling around as well. I really need to figure out what the hell I&#8217;m doing here.

* Punches and I have been working on Windyhop 2.0. And by that, I mean, &#8220;Jay has been coming over and showing me all the cool shit he&#8217;s been doing, but it&#8217;s still not ready for me to work on yet.&#8221;

* I edited together two [&#8220;Switch&#8221;][1] spoofs on Sunday. One is with Dallas, and talks about how he &#8220;switched&#8221; from Lindy Hop to West Coast Swing, and the other is with me talking about how we &#8220;switched&#8221; from improv to script at GTF. I&#8217;ll put the dialogue (as I remember it) in a cut tag below. Once I get DSL installed I&#8217;ll upload the videos.

WCS SWITCHER

Dallas Trinkle: &#8220;So I went to my first swing dance. And you know what that means, swing, right? Uh-uh. There&#8217;s all these horns going &#8216;beep beep beep!&#8217; And they&#8217;re all taking about &#8216;frame&#8217; and &#8216;pushing&#8217; and spinning &#8217;em around. I&#8217;ve seen people do this move called a &#8216;mess-around&#8217;. That&#8217;s okay, but I want a whole _dance_ that&#8217;s nothing but a mess-around. And I find that in West Coast Swing. You want Christina Aguiliera? You want Britney Spears? Sexy bitches! Like a bowl of vanilla pudding. That&#8217;s what I want out of dancing. A big bowl of vanilla pudding. I&#8217;m Dallas Trinkle, and I&#8217;m a manwhore.&#8221;

GTF SWITCH

Matt Stratton: &#8220;So we shot this movie, _Dancing With Gaia_, and it&#8217;s a mock-doc, so we decided to be all Christopher Guest and improvise most of it. It&#8217;s like cinema verite, but&#8230;not. So we had this scene we wrote, and it just didn&#8217;t hit. It was a really good scene. So for our new movie, _Inventing: Music_, it&#8217;s like, no more improv, we are straight scripted. I can block the scenes, and everything is tight. It just works. Film should just work. I&#8217;m Matt Stratton, and I&#8217;m a director.&#8221;</p> 

m.

 [1]: http://www.apple.com/switch