---
title: 115
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2002-06-15T05:09:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/115
categories:
  - Personal

---
Ok so it&#8217;s five am and I just got home. And I&#8217;m drunk.

The evening started at Fizz. We were taping the [Dancing To Nite][1] performance. I had planned on going home after that, since I was thinking Saturday (today) would be an editing day.

Well, Sarah says to me &#8220;Where are we gonna go tonight? I need to get drunk.&#8221; And who am I to argue? So after the show, Evin, Noah, Sarah, and I decide we will go to Big Wig. I&#8217;ve never been, but hey, Sarah said she&#8217;d buy me drinks. so I will go where the hot blonde is that is going to get me drunk, right?

Well then Dumb Chris (formerly known as &#8220;Smart Chris&#8221;) says, &#8220;Let&#8217;s all go to this one bar on Wellington&#8230;it&#8217;s a little hole, but we can all go there and talk.&#8221; And I say &#8220;Why don&#8217;t we go to Lincoln Tap Room, since it&#8217;s bigger and it&#8217;s usually not THAT crowded&#8221;

So I need to go home first, since I have my camera equipment. So Evin and Noah follow me home, so I can drop it off and my car. Kitty calls Evin while I am in my house to say that the Tap Room is insanely crowded. So we go to Package Goods (the little bar) and meet Kitty.

We leave messages on Tracy&#8217;s cell phone, but she never answers. Eventually, we walk over to the Tap Room to see if they are there. They are not.

We call Fizz and find out that Chris and Tracy are still there, but Chris and Sarah had already gone to Big Wig. So we all go to Big Wig, and say we will meet Tracy and Chris there.

(I feel the need to explain that there are two Chris&#8217;s in this story)

We go to Big Wig. Chris and Sarah are not there. Eventually, the rest of the folks show up. I have a couple beers and watch some breakdancing.

Then we go to the Note. I make a comment that I am surprised I am not drunk considering I didn&#8217;t eat much all day. Noah and Chris buy us two shots of tequila (Padron, but I can&#8217;t spell) and then several beers, and I get good and loaded.

Chris and I talk about movies for a while, and then the bar closes.

We then go to the Diner Grill and I have a cheeseburger.

Then I come home as the sun comes up.

That&#8217;s my story, motherfucker.

m.

 [1]: http://www.dancingtonite.com