---
title: Quandry
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2002-09-03T17:25:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/quandry
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28242987
categories:
  - Personal

---
One thing that I kind of realized this weekend&#8230;

I might have to suck it up and go back to IT for a while.

I talked to Dallas for a long time last night&#8230;about where [GTF][1] is going, what we&#8217;re doing, etc. And there&#8217;s not a really smart reason for me to not work a &#8220;regular&#8221; job for a while; the company is not going to take up that much of my time.

Looking for bartending working has been really depressing. I guess I have gotten spoiled over the last few years &#8211; when I was working in IT, I was a rockstar. I&#8217;d go into interviews and the vibe was &#8220;your company needs me way more than I need you, so sell yourselves to me.&#8221; With bartending, it&#8217;s like I have to beg for the chance to show I&#8217;m not completely useless, for the chance to make 1/3 the money.

I think the smarter thing for me to do now is to try to get some IT work again (please, feel free to comment in my journal about how bad the economy is, about how many IT people you know who are out of work &#8211; you&#8217;ll get along great with the people who will be posting how they were right right right all along about the bartending thing anyway), and work on GTF. Once we hit a point where it makes sense for me to free up my days, then I start looking for bar work. Or not at all. Who knows.

The point is, the soonest we&#8217;d be doing our next feature would be a year from now. And that&#8217;s aggressive. And until we&#8217;re in that position, there&#8217;s really no point in my not working 9-5 and making money.

m.

 [1]: https://www.gravytrainfilms.com