---
title: 35
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2002-03-28T16:42:00+00:00
url: /filmmaking/35
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28239706
categories:
  - Filmmaking

---
So I got this weird email today.

Let me explain.

On Saturday night, whilst waiting for them to let us to our seats at the Garafalo show, Kitty and I were accosted. This girl comes up to us and says &#8220;I overheard you guys talking about improv and actors&#8230;are you actors or something?&#8221;

Kitty very intelligently deflects this woman onto ME by saying &#8220;I&#8217;m an actor in a film HE is directing.&#8221; Thanks Kitty. You&#8217;re a pal.

So this girl proceeds to explain to us how she&#8217;s somehow involved in theatre (she went to school for tech or something), and that she lives in some podunk town, etc, and she&#8217;s totally angling me for a job, basically.

The best part is when something comes up about how old we are&#8230;Kitty says &#8220;I&#8217;m 25&#8221; and the girl says &#8220;Wow! You don&#8217;t look **that** old!&#8221; That was funny. Especially when I told her that I was **27**.

So she then introduces us to her boyfriend, who apparently works for the Daily Herald&#8230;he reminds me of Comic Book Guy. She asks us for our email addresses, and we go our separate ways.

So she emails me today&#8230;such a bizarre email. It was written really strangely, and damn, does she need to work on her grammar (she made a comment about how I had &#8220;already _casted_ the film.&#8221; She wanted an address to send her &#8220;package&#8221; to, in case I needed her.

I&#8217;m a little leery of giving her my address. Maybe it&#8217;s time for Gravy Train to get a P.O. box.

m.