---
title: and….done
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2002-03-18T13:12:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/anddone
categories:
  - Personal

---
Well, Black and Tan is over.

Quite the eventful weekend. And as a result, this may turn out to be a pretty long LJ entry. Or not. We&#8217;ll see what happens.

Friday was a crazy day. Picked Swank and Jodie up at the airport. Went to pick up the t-shirts, and then shopping on Boystown. I need to lose weight to shop in those stores. I was trying to find some cool vintage duds for Rat Pack Night, but back in the day, apparently people were smaller. It wasn&#8217;t even a waistline thing; the arms were all too short. I finally ended up with a blue smoking jacket that is pretty cool.

After we got home, Jodie discovered that she&#8217;d picked up the wrong garment bag. Luckily, Jody (the other one) had something she could wear that night, and I assured Jodie that I&#8217;d take her to the airport first thing in the morning to get her bag.

Rat Pack Night was&#8230;interesting. The new smoking lounge at the studio is hella sweet. Weakest Link went pretty well. I need to teach C how to read a crowd. Everything was pretty hoppin&#8217; and fun&#8230;until the cops came. Fortunately, everything seemed to be okay when all was said and done. I really hope it turns out okay &#8211; I will never forgive myself if something happens to E and N because of something I was involved in. Ended up getting home from Rat Pack Night around 3 am or so.

Friday morning I took Jodie to Skokie to drop off the other bag, then we headed to O&#8217;hare to get hers. Afterwards we went to Kim and Tom&#8217;s; chatted with Mo for a while (which was great; I don&#8217;t get enough of a chance to talk to her normally). Hit the hot tub. Watching the flirting interactions was as always interesting.

Ran around like a crazy man the rest of the afternoon. Then finally made it to the main location. Dude&#8230;Cafe Brauer is GORGEOUS. Such a beautiful space. We got everything set up okay, and people started filtering in.

Everyone was so good looking! I&#8217;m glad that people like dressing up. And the masks were really fun. I wish I&#8217;d had time to socialize more; but I was constantly running, taking breaks only occasionally to go smoke. So the only people I really got to chat with were the other smokers :) It was disappointing because I met a bunch of new cool people, and didn&#8217;t have the chance to really get to know them. I hope my guests didn&#8217;t think I was a bad host. I wanted to spend more time with them, but I never got a chance.

Ended the night by going to Clark Dog with DT and Devon, and then met some others at the Green Mill. Only stayed there a little while because I was BEAT.

Sunday was improv day! We held an open Micetro at Beat Kitchen. CTodd and I directed and Punches got to play. Ryan ended up the final winner. I was really proud of him. He did some excellent work. DT was the runner-up, and he did really kickass too. I think the crowd really enjoyed it. Again, not nearly enough time for me to socialize.

Later on, a group of us hit the Drake for bowling. Now THAT was fun. I got to hang out with some people I barely saw over the weekend. Plus I beat DT. Now he owes me a dinner &#8211; the bet was that if HE won, I&#8217;d change his Windyhop icon to something he liked, and if I won, he had to cook me dinner, but Devon had to approve the menu.

I won, 159 to 80.

m.