---
title: 562
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2003-06-20T10:53:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/562
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28246739
categories:
  - Personal

---
survey stolen from who stole it from who stole it from .

last cigarette: this morning as I pulled into the parking lot at work.
  
last car ride: see above :).
  
last kiss: Wednesday night with K\____.
  
last good cry: I actually get kind of teary listening to This American Life sometimes.
  
last library book checked out: Hmm&#8230;I can&#8217;t remember the last time I went to the library.
  
last movie seen: on DVD:_The Animatrix_
  
in the theater: _Bruce Almighty_ (how embarassing)
  
last book read:_The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay_
  
last cuss word uttered: I&#8217;m sure I&#8217;ve recently said &#8220;What the fuck?&#8221; this morning.
  
last beverage drank: Minute Maid lemonade
  
last food consumed: Bowl of raisn bran for breakfast
  
last crush: Ferret Girl
  
last phone call: Talking to my mom about how my sister is going to get into the city today.
  
last tv show watched: Family Guy &#8211; &#8220;Brian: Portrait of a Dog&#8221;
  
last time showered: This morning.
  
last shoes worn: My black Sketchers
  
last cd played: This American Life &#8211; &#8220;24 Hours at the Golden Apple&#8221;.
  
last item bought: Cigarettes and fuel injector cleaner
  
last downloaded: Patchfix for our forum software.
  
last annoyance:
  
last disappointment: Friday night&#8217;s &#8220;date&#8221; with Ferret Girl
  
last soda drank: Sprite
  
last thing written: Posts on Yehoodi about dance-turbation
  
last key used: The any key
  
last words spoken: &#8220;Hey Kevin&#8230;do you know where there is more paper for the printer?&#8221;
  
last sleep: Actually slept in my room last night, as opposed to the living room.
  
last im: Jayno
  
last sexual fantasy: Like Jodie&#8217;s rockstar crush, it&#8217;s too embarassing to list.
  
last weird encounter: Probably the Homestar-esque guy Lippy and I ran into in front of the Note.
  
last time wanting to die: 8 years ago.
  
last time in love: I&#8217;m not quite sure. What is love? Don&#8217;t hurt me, don&#8217;t hurt me, no no&#8230;
  
last time hugged: Friday night with Ferret Girl
  
last time scolded: Nobody scolds me! I am the most powerful food critic in Springfield!
  
last time resentful: I think I was kind of resentful of Dallas getting to direct _Inventing: Stephen_
  
last chair sat in: My suck-ass office chair
  
last underwear worn: Blue boxer-briefs from Structure
  
last shirt worn: Cool-ass burgandy buttondown (not THE burgandy shirt though)
  
last time dancing: I think I was at Fizz about four weeks ago
  
last show attended: George Gee at Jack&#8217;s Joint.
  
last webpage visited: Slashdot.