---
title: 487
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2003-05-05T10:36:00+00:00
url: /filmmaking/487
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - no
categories:
  - Filmmaking
tags:
  - Gravy Train Films
  - 'Inventing: Stephen'

---
Gravy Train Films, Limited, is looking for a few cool cats to help out on the set of their latest production, the short subject &#8220;Inventing: Stephen&#8221;.

The film will be shot over two days, May 31 and June 1. The positions are unpaid, but you will be fed, get a credit in the film, as well as a copy of the film when completed.

We are looking to fill the following positions. Please contact [production [at] gravytrainfilms [dot] com][1] as soon as possible if you are interested, or if you know someone who might be.

SET DRESSER(S) &#8211; the Set Dressers works with the Production Designer (Jason Balutan) on the construction/arrangement of the set and props during production. The Set Dresser will also work with the Production Designer during the pre-production process to aquire and manipulate any props necessary. We need two people for these positions.

GAFFER &#8211; the Gaffer will work under the Director of Photography (Dave Rentauskas) and assist with running cables and setting up lighting. This is a great position for anyone who wants to learn more about lighting. And despite how it may sound, there&#8217;s really not a lot of heavy lifting. We&#8217;re using the term &#8220;Gaffer&#8221; kind of loosely here; for those of you familiar with the traditional &#8220;Hollywood&#8221; style, this position is kind of Gaffer/Grip/AC. Long story short, you&#8217;ll be the assistant to the DP.

PRODUCTION ASSISTANT &#8211; the PA works under the Producer (Matt Stratton) and is an additional set of hands for any production staff. The PA may be called upon to assist with the set, help the sound engineer set levels, or help set up the craft services table. Again, no real heavy lifting, plus you get first dibs on the coffee.

Making movies can be work, but it&#8217;s also a lot of fun. We run a fun and loose set, but we are professional, and expect the same out of the people working with us.

Thanks!

m.

 [1]: javascript:DeCryptX('3s3u1p1e0u2e3w1j1p3q1A1h2t0a1w1z1u0r1b0i0n0f3l1m0m3v1/0c3r2o')