---
title: toofer
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2004-10-12T20:51:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/toofer
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28250856
categories:
  - Personal

---
So I got a new dentist today.

I started getting a really bad toothache this weekend when I was in NYC. I wanted to hold off until my insurance kicked in (I have my self-employed health insurance, but no dental), but it was getting so bad I couldn&#8217;t even chew, so I decided to buck it up.

My old dentist is way up north, and impossible to get to without a car. Rak suggested his dentist, Dr. Steve, who has an office in the Loop. I went in and they were SO FUCKING NICE there. The receptionist said they wouldn&#8217;t bill me until next month after I had insurance, so that&#8217;s good. They were pretty funny when I told them I knew Rak &#8211; they (Dr. Steve and his receptionist) both made a lot of jokes about him. No big surprise there.

Dr. Steve ended up pulling my tooth &#8211; it was one of my wisdom teeth that had a cavity, and we agreed it wasn&#8217;t worth the effort, pain, and expense of trying to fix it. All in all, it was a relatively painless event, and I&#8217;m glad it&#8217;s done. He was so nice and calming (I&#8217;m not a big dentist freakout person, but I don&#8217;t like things out of the ordinary). Dr. Steve asked if I would prefer to be knocked out (instead of the Novacaine), but I told him that frankly, I would be more scared of going under than of the extraction. He let me listen to NPR while he was doing the work, and I got a nice view of Millennium Park while it was going on.

The numbness has finally worn off, and I feel much much MUCH better now. This was my best dentist visit in my whole life. Thanks to Rak for clueing me into this great dentist. If you&#8217;re in Chicago and need one, let me know and I&#8217;ll give you the contact info.