---
title: Ouch…
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2004-03-19T10:21:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/ouch-4
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28248987
categories:
  - Personal

---
So it&#8217;s a good thing I&#8217;m leaving this company&#8230;

I have to remove Oracle from a server next week. It&#8217;s a very basic thing; basically, the server it is on should never have had Oracle on it in the first place (it&#8217;s just for file and print, and someone installed it for some random application. Said random application has been removed, so now we want Oracle off). Since you can&#8217;t sneeze in the data center around here without filing paperwork, I had to file a Request For Change for this procedure, which I plan to do next Wednesday night.

So I fill out this paperwork, and the change co-ordinator spits it back at me saying _This change does not have a test plan or a backout plan, necessary requirements for a RFC. I would like to see some type of testing being done after the un-install of Oracle. Please include this information in the RFC documentation._

This is ridiculous to me. So I email back asking &#8220;what kind of testing do you expect us to do?&#8221;

I think the whole thing is ridiculous, so I start bitching at my co-worker Chad. &#8220;Seriously, what does she want me to do? I can make sure the server&#8217;s not on fire&#8230;&#8221;

&#8230;and a woman in the neighboring cube says &#8220;No, that is NOT what I want. I just want you to make sure the server boots up. That&#8217;s all.&#8221;

Yup. The damn woman (who I&#8217;ve never met in person) is &#8220;hoteling&#8221; in the cube next to Chad. How embarassing.

Incidentally, my mouse was missing this morning. I&#8217;m fairly sure this bitch took it.