---
title: payday
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2004-10-28T11:22:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/payday
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28251075
categories:
  - Personal

---
I got my first B1 check today! Of course, it&#8217;s dated tomorrow, so I can&#8217;t cash it until then. But it&#8217;s nice to get paid. I was afraid that it would be \*mailed\* tomorrow, so that I wouldn&#8217;t have it for the weekend. But this is not the case. Good stuff.

&#8216;s birthday/Halloween party is tomorrow night. I&#8217;m really excited; I love my costume and I am jazzed about the party. But it&#8217;s gonna be tiring &#8211; I&#8217;m going to the bar right after work to help him set up, then go home and get the last minute costuming stuff done. By the time I get to the actual party I&#8217;ll be exhausted. But I&#8217;m glad that Dave is letting me help with this party. I really miss the huge Halloween parties that Susanna, Kristin, and I used to have. This is kind of like reliving that experience &#8211; at least the planning and setup parts. Which for me is the most fun part of the big Halloween extravaganza.

For those of you who don&#8217;t know, I used to live in this kickass apartment with two hot chicks. And traditionally, we&#8217;d have a big Halloween party with between 80-100 guests. We&#8217;d spend weeks and weeks planning all kinds of crazy decorations and random things to make the party cool.

Then by the time it was actual &#8220;party time&#8221;, I would lose interest. I&#8217;d just run around being Party Host Guy and generally not have nearly as much fun as the guests. But in a way, that is what made me have fun. Hell, the last one we had I didn&#8217;t drink at all, and spent most of the time trying to keep drunk guests from falling off of our roof.

I miss it.