---
title: weak end
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2004-10-25T14:15:00+00:00
url: /dating/weak-end
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - no
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28251026
categories:
  - Dating
tags:
  - Backstreet
  - Kim
  - Lippy
  - Weekend Updates

---
Pretty mellow weekend all told.

Friday night went out to dinner and drinks to celebrate Kim&#8217;s Match Day. Whoohoo! Fun karaoke stuff and then good times at the redneck country bar. I had a lot of fun, but was really tired.

Saturday during the day I worked on a project for Lippy&#8217;s birthday party and cleaned my apartment. Met up with that girl Ellie (the Jewish chick from a while ago) to watch a movie. Nothing that interesting to report on that front. Which is fine. She&#8217;s nice enough, but I&#8217;m really not that interested, and I don&#8217;t think she is either. But we had a good time.

Sunday I worked some more on projects and then went to help Backstreet with his computer. Man, I hate Windows sometimes. I was going to just give him a Knoppix CD and have him use that, except Knoppix can&#8217;t handle his wireless card. So I fixed his Windows.

Work is going well. It&#8217;s been pretty darn nice outside lately, which I&#8217;m enjoying.

Hmm. I just noticed that the web interface here (under Firefox) doesn&#8217;t seem to give me the ability to set security by groups &#8211; just Friends, Private, and Public. That sucks.

You know, given that I&#8217;m not really actively looking to date, I sure seem to be talking about dating a lot lately. Well, not \*me\* dating, but other people. I don&#8217;t mind &#8211; it&#8217;s making it easier for me to abstract my own love life by talking to other people about theirs. Although generally the friends I&#8217;m talking to are hot chicks, so it&#8217;s not exactly relevent, given that I am neither a) hot, nor b) a chick.