---
title: 875
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2004-04-06T07:20:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/875
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28249146
categories:
  - Personal

---
I feel sad, because Sarah and Britney are complete bitches. They told everyone I have an STD, just because I slept with both of their boyfriends on Saturday night.

I&#8217;m so hardcore. Me and Buzz went to the mall today, and I stole a whole heap of stuff. I got a Good Charlotte CD, a couple of DVDs and some new boots. Buzz got caught, but he fought his way out, and then we stole some lady&#8217;s car and smashed it into a phone booth.

Last night I had to shave my entire body. Apparently, the lice that I caught from Amanda&#8217;s friend are really hard to get rid of. I look quite strange with no hair and eyebrows. I&#8217;d post pictures, but my webcam is broken.

I want to tell the world that my girlfriend Amy is the bomb! She made pizza last night, and even though I burnt my lips on the cheese, it was awesome!!!

Today, I got a digital camera! Yes! Here&#8217;s ten thousand photographs of my cat.

I want to say thanks to my dad for giving me my own computer and digital camera. Here&#8217;s a photo of my room. The weather in Ontario is cold. I have nothing more to say.

You should all do this quiz! It&#8217;s amazingly accurate. You just put in your name and birthday, and it will tell you you&#8217;re a moron.

For serious, I&#8217;ll update with Atlanta/Boston/NYC trip details/recaps later.

That&#8217;s enough for now. But I&#8217;ll leave you with my favourite Buffy fan-fiction piece I wrote last year when I was in hospital.

Created with the [Gregor&#8217;s Semi-Automatic LiveJournal Updater&trade;][1]. Update your journal today!

 [1]: https://www.scotticus.net/updater.php