---
title: pornbots
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2004-03-04T16:30:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/pornbots
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28248762
categories:
  - Personal

---
slimiewarmluvjuice: ok im back. sorty bout that. still there?
  
mugsy1274: yup
  
mugsy1274: who are you?
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: oh your there hi&#8230;
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: all my personal info is on my web page, the link is in my profile.
  
mugsy1274: gotcha. you&#8217;re a spambot
  
mugsy1274: must be fun
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: bot? whats that? some kinda insult or somethinng?
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: a/s/l (agr sex location)?
  
mugsy1274: ah, so not a bot&#8230;but still someone trying to troll for online porn business
  
mugsy1274: gotcha
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: im 27/f/USA. was lookin at your profile. thought you might like to chaz.
  
mugsy1274: uh huh
  
mugsy1274: you actually don&#8217;t have any info in your profile
  
mugsy1274: so you won&#8217;t get much business that way
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: oh you mean one of those auto talk things or something right.. lol. well if you were ih my apartment right now id lift up my skirt for you and i think youd be convinced real quick
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: so what hae you been up to mugsy1274?
  
mugsy1274: uh huh
  
mugsy1274: if you homepage isn&#8217;t one that costs money to look at pictures I&#8217;d be convinced
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: cool. i was just hangin out watching tv. i was getting kinda horny (*blushes)
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: i have some piics on my homepage the link is in my profile, still working on it &#8230;
  
mugsy1274: see you&#8217;re not paying attention
  
mugsy1274: there IS no link in your profile
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: lol. the website is just something i do to make ends meet. theres lots of fre pics on there anyway.
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: cyberfungirls dot com. look for me on that page
  
mugsy1274: see? proof you&#8217;re fake
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: feel like a little cyber fun woth me ? please please&#8230;
  
mugsy1274: some fat internet guy with a beard making lots of money off of dubmass yahoo users
  
mugsy1274: seriously, how can I get in on that action? seems like an easy way for a lazy creep to make a living
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: i think ill just take that as a yes&#8230; being as that im starting to get real horny here.. lol ok?
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: alright how bout i get down on my kneess in front of you and help you out of your pants?
  
mugsy1274: are you horny enough to have sex with a badger?
  
mugsy1274: that really turns me on
  
mugsy1274: call me Mr. Badger Guy
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: tell me what you want me to do with you while i slip out of my panties
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: oh yeah babe.. dont stop. while i slide my hand down between my legs annd part my moist lips
  
mugsy1274: I told you! call me Mr. Badger!
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: maybee after we get to know eachother better.. lets start with email and chat k?
  
mugsy1274: if you aren&#8217;t wiling to call me Mr Badger this can&#8217;t go on
  
mugsy1274: we really shouldn&#8217;t see each other anymore
  
mugsy1274: it&#8217;s not you, it&#8217;s me
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: oh it feels so good. Im holding your pulsing cock in my hand, my shiny red fingernails dig gently into your balls, while my full, sooft lips engulf the mass of your meat
  
mugsy1274: you shouldn&#8217;t do that. we&#8217;re breaking up here.
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: open my website so you can look at mme while im sucking you. use the link in my profile!
  
mugsy1274: you&#8217;re totally making this much harder than it needs to be
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: what do you think oof my pics?
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: shit the phone. doont stop stroking it. hold on..
  
mugsy1274: I think that you&#8217;re not listening. and you&#8217;re making a damn fool of yourself
  
mugsy1274: it&#8217;s sad really
  
mugsy1274: I think I&#8217;ll post this on the net
  
mugsy1274: good luck with your cyberporn business! I hope you do well and one day can move out of mom&#8217;s basement
  
slimiewarmluvjuice: sorry, I have to take this call, probly take bout five minutes. If you want, come to my pagge and lets finish this. I have my cam on there cyberfungirls dot com look for me on there
  
mugsy1274: tell your mom I said hi!
  
mugsy1274: maybe she can make us some tang and rice krispie treats