---
title: gripes
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2005-04-26T09:03:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/gripes
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28253915
categories:
  - Personal

---
I am bored with the Interweb today. Yehoodi is boring. Windyhop is boring. LJ is boring. What&#8217;s wrong with you people? I am MugsyMalone74 on AIM if you want to make it up to me.

I am sitting on boring conference calls. I wish I could have gone to this meeting in person, since it is in Brooklyn. But instead I have to just sit and listen half-assedly.

My Comcast DVR sucks balls. I am getting lockups when attempting to schedule series recordings (like &#8220;Season Passes&#8221;).

My DVR refuses to schedule a series recording for &#8220;Baseball Tonight&#8221; on ESPND. Every time I try to set it up, when I press &#8220;OK&#8221; to confirm the recording, it hangs. The &#8220;remote&#8221; light on the front stays lit. I&#8217;ve let it sit for almost half an hour, and eventually I have to unplug the power.

Recording baseball games is a pain too.

With my Tivo I could just set a Wishlist with the word &#8220;Cubs&#8221;, and it would record all the Cubs games for me.

Well, obviously, I cannot do this with the Comcast box. But I figured no big deal, I&#8217;d just set up a series recording for &#8220;Baseball&#8221; on WGN-HD and Fox Sports Chicago, since most likely the baseball games on those channels would be the Cubs.

But for some reason, when I go to &#8220;Baseball&#8221; (which is how the games are listed in the guide), I don&#8217;t have the option for a Series Recording. This is crap. I don&#8217;t want to have to keep paging through all the baseball game listings each week and picking and choosing which ones to record.