---
title: LA Recap
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2005-04-06T10:49:00+00:00
url: /travel-and-trips/la-recap
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - no
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28253485
categories:
  - Travel and Trips
tags:
  - Amanda
  - Drew
  - italian beef
  - Kathy
  - Marcelo

---
Arrived at LAX on Friday night. Was picked up by <span style="white-space: nowrap;"><a href="http://mteson.livejournal.com/"><strong>mteson</strong></a></span> and Lisa Marie. Headed back to Burbank, where we met up with Emmy Sue, <span style="white-space: nowrap;"><a href="http://drewfansler.livejournal.com/"><strong>drewfansler</strong></a></span> and <span style="white-space: nowrap;"><a href="http://bluemekka.livejournal.com/"><strong>bluemekka</strong></a></span>. After M-nice picked up <span style="white-space: nowrap;"><a href="http://kathy-skadoo.livejournal.com/"><strong>kathy_skadoo</strong></a></span> and Arthur at the airport, we headed to some drag bar. It was hot. Although I was tired. And we saw Mink Stole perform live. And met some chicks from Vegas. And then ate at Atomic Burger. And then went back home.

Saturday featured the arrival of <span style="white-space: nowrap;"><a href="http://swingfeline.livejournal.com/"><strong>swingfeline</strong></a></span> and <span style="white-space: nowrap;"><a href="http://divajess.livejournal.com/"><strong>divajess</strong></a></span>. While the girls were off shopping with Liz, Arthur, Jess, Marcelo, and I checked out this joint called &#8220;Taste of Chicago&#8221;, which claimed to serve an authentic Chicago-style Italian beef sandwich.

They did not.

Saturday night was Teh Partay. Everyone looked cool. Amanda and I beat Marcelo and Drew at Trivial Pursuit. Audra got really drunk, but still cleaned up after people. Liz almost stuck me in the eye with a marshmallow skewer. I accidentally threw a foam rug atop a sleeping Drew.

In other words, the ideal party.

Sunday we had delicious waffles. And then a singalong. And then we went to Amoeba Music, where I bought Lisa Marie a copy of _Pink Flamingos_ and then off to the Getty Center, where Marcelo failed miserably at throwing pennies into a fountain. And I got Emmy a greenfrog for her birthday.

Sunday night was dinner at C&O Trattoria in Marine Del Rey. I had delcious shrimp ravioli. That night Amanda, Kathy, and I stayed at Suey&#8217;s house in Santa Monica.

Monday was spent shopping with the girls. And then Marcelo, Kathy, Amanda, and I went down to the Hollywood to see the Walk of Fame, and we saw people lining up for the premiere of _Sahara_. And we ate candy.

There&#8217;s more, but I&#8217;m getting tired of recapping, and I&#8217;m not being very interesting or clever. However, I will summarize:

* I saw Adam Sandler&#8217;s car
  
* I met an honest-to-god Oscar winner
  
* Noni juice isn&#8217;t as bad tasting as promised
  
* I haven&#8217;t laughed as hard as I did on Monday night in a long time
  
* In any given group of swing dancers larger than 10, you will find at least one really, REALLY dorky person. If you&#8217;re lucky, you&#8217;ll find more than that. And by &#8220;lucky&#8221; I mean &#8220;God hates you&#8221;.