---
title: Boldness
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2005-08-10T14:23:00+00:00
url: /meme/boldness
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - no
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28233902
categories:
  - Meme
tags:
  - Meme

---
Horked from <span class="ljuser" style="white-space:nowrap;"><a href="http://redhotannie.livejournal.com/"><strong>redhotannie</strong></a></span>

I miss somebody right now.
  
I don’t watch much TV these days.
  
I love olives.
  
**I own lots of books.**
  
**I wear glasses or contact lenses.**
  
I love to play video games.
  
**I’ve tried marijuana.**
  
**I’ve watched porn movies.**
  
I have been in a threesome.
  
I have been the psycho-ex in a past relationship.
  
**I believe honesty is &#8220;usually&#8221; the best policy.**
  
**I curse sometimes.**
  
I have changed a lot mentally over the last year.
  
I carry my knife/razor everywhere with me.
  
**I’m TOTALLY smart.**
  
**I’ve never broken someone’s bones.**
  
**I have a secret that I am ashamed to reveal.**
  
I hate the rain.
  
**I’m paranoid at times.**
  
**I would get plastic surgery if it were 100% safe, free of cost, and scar-free.**
  
I need money right now.
  
**I love sushi.**
  
I talk really, really fast.
  
I have fresh breath in the morning.
  
I have long hair.
  
**I have lost money in Las Vegas.**
  
**I have at least one brother and/or one sister.**
  
I was born in a country outside of the U.S.
  
I have worn fake hair/fingernails/eyelashes in the past.
  
**I couldn’t survive without Caller I.D.**
  
I like the way that I look.
  
**I have lied to a good friend in the last 6 months.**
  
I know how to cornrow.
  
**I am usually pessimistic.**
  
I have a lot of mood swings.
  
**I think prostitution should be legalized.**
  
**I think Britney Spears is pretty.**
  
Slept with a Suitemate.
  
I have a hidden talent.
  
I’m always hyper no matter how much sugar I have.
  
I have a lot of friends.
  
**I am currently single.**
  
**I have pecked someone of the same sex.**
  
I enjoy talking on the phone.
  
I practically live in sweatpants or PJ pants.
  
I love to shop.
  
I would rather shop than eat.
  
I would classify myself as ghetto.
  
I’m bourgie and have worn a sweater tied around my shoulders.
  
I’m obsessed with my Xanga or Livejournal.
  
**I don’t hate anyone. I dislike them.**
  
**I’m a pretty good dancer.**
  
I don’t think Mike Tyson raped Desiree Washington.
  
I’m completely embarrassed to be seen with my mother.
  
**I have a cell phone.**
  
I believe in God.
  
I watch MTV on a daily basis.
  
I have passed out drunk in the past 6 months.
  
**I’ve rejected someone before.**
  
**I currently like someone.**
  
I have no idea what I want to do for the rest of my life.
  
**I want to have children in the future.**
  
**I have changed a diaper before.**
  
**I’ve called the cops on a friend before.**
  
I am a member of the Tom Green fan club.
  
I’m not allergic to anything.
  
I have a lot to learn.
  
**I have been with someone at least 10 years older or younger.**
  
I am shy around the opposite sex.
  
**I’m online 24/7, even as an away message.**
  
**I have at least 5 away messages saved.**
  
**I have tried alcohol or drugs before.**
  
I have made a move on a friend’s significant other or crush in the past.
  
I own the &#8220;South Park&#8221; movie.
  
**I have avoided assignments at work/school to be on Xanga or Livejournal.**
  
When I was a kid I played &#8220;the birds and the bees&#8221; with a neighbor or chum
  
**I enjoy some country music.**
  
I would die for my best friends.
  
I think that Pizza Hut has the best pizza.
  
I watch soap operas whenever I can.
  
I’m obsessive, and often a perfectionist.
  
I have used my sexuality to advance my career.
  
I love Michael Jackson, scandals and all.
  
I know all the words to Slick Rick’s &#8220;Children’s Story&#8221;.
  
Halloween is awesome because you get free candy.
  
I watch Spongebob Squarepants and I like it.
  
I have dated a close friend’s ex.
  
I like surveys/memes.
  
I am happy at this moment.
  
I’m obsessed with guys.
  
I am bisexual.
  
**Democrat.**
  
Conservative Republican.
  
I am punk rockish
  
I am preppy.
  
I go for older guys/girls, not younger
  
I study for tests most of the time.
  
I tie my shoelaces differently from anyone I’ve ever met.
  
**I can work on a car.**
  
I love my job.
  
I am comfortable with who I am right now.
  
I collect something.
  
**I want to get married.**