---
title: 'B&T Recap'
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2005-03-13T19:31:00+00:00
url: /swing-dancing/bt-recap
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - no
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28210171
categories:
  - Swing Dancing
tags:
  - Amanda
  - Drew
  - Windyhop

---
OK, I can speak a little more about Saturday night&#8217;s event now.

It turned out pretty great. The space was gorgeous. We were worried about attendance at first (everyone showed up about two hours into the dance), but the number of people was just about perfect. At one point I was up on the stage talking to DJ Lippy, and he gestured out on the dance floor and said &#8220;check it out&#8221;. It was full of people dancing and having a great time.

Punches and I judged the Jack and Jill dance contest with Dora and <span class="ljuser" style="white-space: nowrap;"><a href="http://drewfansler.livejournal.com/"><strong>drewfansler</strong></a></span> (incidentally, one of the winners was <span class="ljuser" style="white-space: nowrap;"><a href="http://swingfeline.livejournal.com/"><strong>swingfeline</strong></a></span>, and I swear, it was not rigged). Before Miss Lesley started her last set, Punches and I took a couple minutes to thank everyone for letting us be a part of the scene with Windyhop. We walked off the stage, and Lesley and her band started playing. Punches and I jokingly started dancing with each other to the new song, but luckily Tessa and Jenna stepped in and saved us from each other &#8211; which started a small, spontanous jam for the two of us. I dug it.

All in all, I couldn&#8217;t have been happier with the event, overall. Everyone had such a good time. It was definitely telling that it was time for us to retire; <span class="ljuser" style="white-space: nowrap;"><a href="http://drewfansler.livejournal.com/"><strong>drewfansler</strong></a></span> and I were discussing the fact that neither of us really knew anyone who was at the dance. Although some faces really came out of the woodwork for this. I guess it goes to show that you never know who will show up, you know? For as much as I felt like Windyhop had been taken for granted, I suppose I was doing the same thing with a lot of people.