---
title: Content update coming later…for now, enjoy this meme
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2005-08-19T13:33:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/content-update-coming-laterfor-now-enjoy-this-meme
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28255579
categories:
  - Personal

---
Instructions: Go to [www.musicoutfitters.com][1] and put your birth year into the search thingy. The first link is likely the top 100 songs of that year. Cut and paste that list here. Bold the ones you actually like. Understand that the word &#8220;like&#8221; in this case means, in the very least, &#8220;wouldn&#8217;t immediately change the radio station from.&#8221; Pick a favorite. Underline that favorite.

<span class="main">1. The Way We Were, Barbra Streisand<br /> 2. Seasons In The Sun, Terry Jacks<br /> 3. Love&#8217;s Theme, Love Unlimited Orchestra<br /> 4. Come And Get Your Love, Redbone<br /> 5. Dancing Machine, Jackson 5<br /> 6. The Loco-Motion, Grand Funk Railroad<br /> 7. TSOP, MFSB<br /> 8. The Streak, Ray Stevens<br /> <b> 9. Bennie And The Jets, Elton John</b><br /> 10. One Hell Of A Woman, Mac Davis<br /> 11. Until You Come Back To Me (That&#8217;s What I&#8217;m Gonna Do), Aretha Franklin<br /> <b> 12. Jungle Boogie, Kool and The Gan</b>g<br /> 13. Midnight At The Oasis, Maria Muldaur<br /> 14. You Make Me Feel Brand New, Stylistics<br /> 15. Show And Tell, Al Wilson<br /> 16. Spiders And Snakes, Jim Stafford<br /> 17. Rock On, David Essex<br /> 18. Sunshine On My Shoulder, John Denver<br /> 19. Sideshow, Blue Magic<br /> <b> 20. Hooked On A Feeling, Blue Swede</b><br /> 21. Billy Don&#8217;t Be A Hero, Bo Donaldson and The Heywoods<br /> 22. Band On The Run, Paul McCartney and Wings<br /> 23. The Most Beautiful Girl, Charlie Rich<br /> 24. Time In A Bottle, Jim Croce<br /> 25. Annie&#8217;s Song, John Denver<br /> 26. Let Me Be There, Olivia Newton-John<br /> 27. Sundown, Gordon Lightfoot<br /> 28. (You&#8217;re) Having My Baby, Paul Anka<br /> 29. Rock Me Gently, Andy Kim<br /> 30. Boogie Down, Eddie Kendricks<br /> 31. You&#8217;re Sixteen, Ringo Starr<br /> 32. If You Love Me (Let Me Know), Olivia Newton-John<br /> 33. Dark Lady, Cher<br /> 34. Best Thing That Ever Happened To Me, Gladys Knight and The Pips<br /> 35. Feel Like Makin&#8217; Love, Roberta Flack<br /> 36. Just Dont Want To Be Lonely, Main Ingredient<br /> 37. Nothing From Nothing, Billy Preston<br /> 38. Rock Your Baby, George McCrae<br /> 39. Top Of The World, Carpenters<br /> <b> 40. The Joker, Steve Miller Band</b><br /> 41. I&#8217;ve Got To Use My Imagination, Gladys Knight and The Pips<br /> <b> 42. The Show Must Go On, Three Dog Night</b><br /> 43. Rock The Boat, Hues Corporation<br /> <b> 44. Smokin&#8217; In The Boys Room, Brownsville Station</b><br /> 45. Living For The City, Stevie Wonder<br /> 46. The Night Chicago Died, Paper Lace<br /> 47. Then Came You, Dionne Warwick and The Spinners<br /> 48. The Entertainer, Marvin Hamlisch<br /> 49. Waterloo, Abba<br /> 50. The Air That I Breathe, Hollies<br /> <b> 51. Rikki Don&#8217;t Lose That Number, Steely Dan</b><br /> 52. Mockingbird, Carly Simon<br /> 53. Help Me, Joni Mitchell<br /> 54. You Won&#8217;t See Me, Anne Murray<br /> 55. Never, Never Gonna Give You Up, Barry White<br /> 56. Tell Me Something Good, Rufus<br /> 57. You And Me Against The World, Helen Reddy<br /> 58. Rock And Roll Heaven, Righteous Brothers<br /> 59. Hollywood Swinging, Kool and The Gang<br /> 60. Be Thankful For What You Got, William Devaughn<br /> 61. Hang On In There Baby, Johnny Bristol<br /> 62. Eres Tu (Touch The Wind), Mocedades<br /> 63. Taking Care Of Business, Bachman-Turner Overdrive<br /> <b> 64. Radar Love, Golden Earring</b><br /> 65. Please Come To Boston, Dave Loggins<br /> 66. Keep On Smilin&#8217;, Wet Willie<br /> 67. Lookin&#8217; For Love, Bobby Womack<br /> 68. Put Your Hands Together, O&#8217;Jays<br /> 69. On And On, Gladys Knight and The Pips<br /> 70. Oh Very Young, Cat Stevens<br /> 71. Leave Me Alone (Ruby Red Dress), Helen Reddy<br /> <b> 72. Goodbye Yellow Brick Road, Elton John</b><br /> 73. I&#8217;ve Been Searchin&#8217; So Long, Chicago<br /> 74. Oh My My, Ringo Starr<br /> 75. For The Love Of Money, O&#8217;Jays<br /> <u><b> 76. I Shot The Sherrif, Eric Clapton</b></u><br /> 77. Jet, Paul McCartney and Wings<br /> <b> 78. Don&#8217;t Let The Sun Go Down On Me, Elton John</b><br /> 79. Tubular Bells, Mike Oldfield<br /> 80. Love Song, Anne Murray<br /> 81. I&#8217;m Leaving It All Up To You, Donny and Marie Osmond<br /> 82. Hello, It&#8217;s Me, Todd Rundgren<br /> 83. I Love, Tom T. Hall<br /> 84. Clap For The Wolfman, The Guess Who<br /> 85. I&#8217;ll Have To Say I Love You In A Song, Jim Croce<br /> 85. The Lord&#8217;s Prayer, Sister Janet Mead<br /> 87. Trying To Hold On To My Woman, Lamont Dozier<br /> 88. Don&#8217;t You Worry &#8216;Bout A Thing, Stevie Wonder<br /> 89. A Very Special Love Song, Charlie Rich<br /> 90. My Girl Bill, Jim Stafford<br /> 91. My Mistake Was To Love You, Diana Ross and Marvin Gaye<br /> 91. Helen Wheels, Paul McCartney and Wings<br /> 93. Wildwood Weed, Jim Stafford<br /> 94. Beach Baby, First Class<br /> 95. Me And Baby Brother, War<br /> 96. Rockin&#8217; Roll Baby, Stylistics<br /> 97. I Honestly Love You, Olivia Newton-John<br /> 98. Call On Me, Chicago<br /> 99. Wild Thing, Fancy<br /> 100. Mighty Love, Pt. 1, Spinners</span>

 [1]: http://www.musicoutfitters.com