---
title: 2120
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2006-10-18T13:28:00+00:00
url: /life-in-general/2120
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28260559
categories:
  - Personal

---
This is all the fault of &#8230;

&#8216;s Halloween party: 

**adara9** didn&#8217;t even show up and doesn&#8217;t get any candy.
  
**alcippe** dressed as Kurt Cobain.
  
**artemitis** dressed as a new superhero: Dynamo Flea.
  
**atalanta74** dressed as a hooker.
  
**babybear8200** dressed as Benjamin Harrison, though it looked more like a pirate.
  
**bashbaby** dressed as a new member of the Wu-Tang Clan, Excessive Conqueror.
  
**beckto** gets drunk, strips naked, and somehow emerges dressed as a vampire.
  
**belcanto88** dressed as a data entry secretary.
  
**berrylicious877** dressed as the Earl of Stockton.
  
**blueswench** dressed as a Level 11 sorcerer.
  
**brian81773** forgot to put on clothes!
  
**bridgealicious** dressed as a disturbing self-made character called &#8220;Doofus Tofubuns&#8221;.
  
**clitorisorusrex** dressed as LeAnn Rimes.
  
**darlyn** dressed as the President of Macau.
  
**davelippy** dressed as a new superhero: Squirrel Bee.
  
**devon_hague** dressed as a third baseman for the Giants.
  
**divajess** dressed as Shakira.
  
**dixiebelle** dressed as a eagle.
  
**djcrash** dressed as a new superhero: Wing Flash.
  
**djlarkin** forgot to put on clothes!
  
**dreaminsound** dressed as the spirit of their dead grandmother Valerie.
  
**drewfansler** dressed as a zombie.
  
**e1i** gets drunk, strips naked, and somehow emerges dressed as a substitute software reinstaller.
  
**emmysue4you** dressed as a substitute paper pusher.
  
**fashionarcade** dressed as a stiff dissipation, though it looked more like a towel.
  
******fnf_anya** dressed as a bottle of Acktemoias.
  
**fricki** dressed as the Governor of Pennsylvania.
  
**fuzzygerdes** dressed as Trent Reznor.
  
**glassnickels** dressed as Elton John&#8217;s grandmother.
  
**glitterlisa** didn&#8217;t even show up and doesn&#8217;t get any candy.
  
**gravytation** dressed as Emeril Lagasse&#8217;s uncle, and it suited them disturbingly well.
  
**great_dame** dressed as the love child of Al Gore and Madonna.
  
**grumpyoldhepcat** dressed as Martha Stewart.
  
**heavymetalsushi** dressed as the love child of Michael Jordan and Kirsten Dunst, and it suited them disturbingly well.
  
**hepkitten65000** didn&#8217;t even show up and doesn&#8217;t get any candy.
  
**hypr_chik** dressed as the Duke of Taranza.
  
**ibdreamy** dressed as your grandmother.
  
**jervo** dressed as Anna Nicole Smith.
  
**jivinjoules** gets drunk, strips naked, and somehow emerges dressed as Winona Ryder.
  
**jodiemim** dressed as a fullback for the Eagles.
  
**jphilli1** dressed as Dr. Crusher from &#8220;Star Trek&#8221;.
  
**kathy_skadoo** dressed as Abraham Lincoln.
  
**kendokamel** dressed as a resolution, though it looked more like a kicker for the Chargers.
  
**khirya** dressed as a character from Harry Potter and the Coalition of the Goblet.
  
**kitkatlj** dressed as a witch.
  
**kneemow** dressed as something direct, but what, specifically, you can&#8217;t tell.
  
**krisdance** dressed as the main character of &#8220;Star Wars: Episode III &#8211; Revenge of the Sith&#8221;.
  
**lagoedde23** dressed as the Earl of Hickupe, though it looked more like something quiet, but what, specifically, you can&#8217;t tell.
  
**larrykang** dressed as Martin Van Buren.
  
**lemonly** dressed as a character from &#8220;Almost Famous&#8221;.
  
**lilieblue** dressed as a elk.
  
**lindybsnist** didn&#8217;t even show up and doesn&#8217;t get any candy.
  
**lindyflash** dressed as a discount.
  
**lindytrollop** dressed as a diplomat from Tanzania.
  
**lindze** dressed as Optimus Prime.
  
**liv\_e\_uh** forgot to put on clothes!
  
**lordjulius** dressed as a eagle.
  
**m\_is\_for_meg** dressed as Guy Pearce.
  
**michael_lucid** dressed as Carrie-Anne Moss riding a camel.
  
**missreagan** dressed as a hooker.
  
**misterctodd** dressed as Drew Barrymore.
  
**momarkelz** dressed as a resolute widow.
  
**mr_fredo** dressed as a second baseman for the Giants.
  
**mr_kickass** dressed as a easy vampire.
  
**mteson** dressed as a KellyDot Com, Incorporated employee.
  
**nandoasti** didn&#8217;t even show up and doesn&#8217;t get any candy.
  
**netski55** dressed as a disturbing self-made character called &#8220;Greasy Stinkerhiney&#8221;.
  
**nuitfaerie** dressed as the spirit of their dead grandmother Amelia.
  
**nuprinz** dressed as a Level 10 sorcerer.
  
**physibeth** dressed as the Duke of Remipella.
  
**pokealex** forgot to put on clothes!
  
**punkinpea** dressed as a tasty witch.
  
**rachakate** dressed as a lampshade.
  
**rachbee** dressed as a diplomat from Georgia.
  
**rickimsears** dressed as Wesley Crusher from &#8220;Star Trek&#8221;.
  
**rmaltempo** dressed as Viggo Mortensen.
  
**robertajean** dressed as Herbert Hoover.
  
**rollick** dressed as a 1960&#8217;s hippie child.
  
**scamdog** dressed as a new member of the Wu-Tang Clan, Visual Enchanter.
  
**scrapplequeen** dressed as Jennifer Garner.
  
**shadow00cat** dressed as a bottle of Saraata.
  
**shanabanana** dressed as the Foreign Power Ranger.
  
**snagglepuddlian** dressed as Mary-Kate Olsen with her very own conjoined Ashley.
  
**starrynytes4me** dressed as a cup of tea.
  
**stephaniekaye** dressed as a character from Harry Potter and the Dwarf of Akron.
  
**suchagirliegirl** dressed as Colin Powell.
  
**sunshine78** dressed as Will Smith.
  
**sveltebunny** dressed as Darth Vader.
  
**swifty0682** dressed as the Governor of Louisiana.
  
**swingchickie** dressed as your sister.
  
**swingdoc** dressed as Alex Rodriguez riding a camel.
  
**swingfeline** dressed as the Straw Power Ranger.
  
**t_diggity** dressed as Master Shake.
  
**tall_jade** dressed as a Level 5 wizard, and it suited them disturbingly well.
  
**tavist** dressed as a U&O General Store employee.
  
**tdj** gets drunk, strips naked, and somehow emerges dressed as someone who just had sex (and probably just did, too).
  
**the_cook** dressed as a ghost.
  
**theda** forgot to put on clothes!
  
**themonkey** dressed as Hurricane Erica.
  
**theprotagonist5** dressed as your grandfather.
  
**thesignet** dressed as Geraldo Rivera.
  
**tigerworm** dressed as something swift, but what, specifically, you can&#8217;t tell.
  
**tinymich** dressed as Ted Williams.
  
**tjmweb** dressed as the Marquis of Blackfield.
  
**vintagedancer** dressed as a linebacker for the Redskins.
  
**vintagestitches** dressed as a 1990&#8217;s grunge child.
  
**vsb** dressed as a new member of the Wu-Tang Clan, Erratic Contender.
  
**xetra** dressed as Dan Brown&#8217;s cousin.
  
**yes\_she\_does** dressed as Optimus Prime.
  
**zerbie** dressed as the love child of Harrison Ford and Queen Elizabeth.

Throw your own party at the [Hallomeme][1]!  
<font size="1">Created with <a href="http://tech.jmc.ksu.edu/phpnonsense/phpnonsense.php">phpNonsense</a></font>

 [1]: http://tech.jmc.ksu.edu/phpnonsense/hallomeme.html