---
title: Shhh
author: Matt Stratton
layout: post
date: 2007-08-10T13:41:00+00:00
url: /work/shhh
dsq_thread_id:
  - 28262789
categories:
  - Work

---
So I have a couple possible professional opportunities in the hopper, and so I&#8217;m dusting off my old resume. It&#8217;s not the fanciest and most impressive document in the world (whereas my career thus far has been quite fancy and impressive, heh), and I think it&#8217;s time for an overhaul.

Problems are as follows:

  * I am teh suck when it comes to writing resumes
  * I am teh ultimate suck when it comes to formatting things in Word

So if anyone&#8217;s got some free time and expertise and wouldn&#8217;t mind giving it a once-over, let me know. I&#8217;ve put it up online on Google Docs [here][1].

Here&#8217;s some stuff I copied out of my mid-year review. What (if any) of it sounds like something I could/should include in my resume (of course, I think some of it would require rephrasing)?

<span style="font-style:italic;">Matt continues to be very good at isolating issues in the process, procedures while learning how to navigate the muddy waters. Matt is also very good at documenting said shortfalls and communicating how to get through the changes in these processes and procedures. Matt generally does a good job at meeting project goals while meeting or exceeding expected delivery dates. Matt is very quick on identifying issues and bringing them to management&#8217;s attention prior to them festering into a major disaster.<br /> </span>
  
(The above was my manager&#8217;s review of me. The following is the boilerplate &#8220;objectives&#8221; for my team):

&#8211; Continue to improve stability of our operating environment
  
&#8211; Drive efficiency and overall cost reduction in all day to day activities
  
&#8211; Strengthen infrastructure and improve production stability
  
&#8211; Deliver project commitments on time, within budget, and with quality
  
&#8211; Deliver all Merger related projects without impact to day to day operations
  
&#8211; Achieve full adherence to Project Management process and reporting requirement
  
&#8211; Streamline and automate processes
  
&#8211; Reduce bureaucracy and simplify processes
  
&#8211; Identify leverage opportunities across teams and integrate common functions/practices
  
&#8211; Be self-sufficient, rise to the challenge, and minimize need for extensive hand-holding

ETA &#8211; the document is now online [here][1].

 [1]: http://docs.google.com/Doc?id=ddf52zsf_21dv5fc4